electric vehicles gaining global popularity lately
along efficient battery thermal management systems
btms also gaining traction amongst research
community phase change material pcm based btms
attractive solution due high energy density
isothermal energy exchange however pure pcm
drawbacks like low thermal conductivity volume
expansion leakage phase change shape stable
composite pcm sscpcm resolves drawbacks expensive
solution due high cost conventional supporting
materials biochar bc based sscpcm developed study
cheap sustainable solution btms characterization
studies carried combination pure pcm myristyl
alcohol biochar various loadings weight using
fourier transform infrared analysis ft ir x ray
diffraction xrd analysis scanning electron
microscopy sem particle size analysis psa
differential scanning calorimetry dsc
thermogravimetric analysis tga shape stability
studies reveal pcm minimum biochar pcm bc shape
stable thermal conductivities effusivities pure
shape stable composite pcms also studied
enhancement thermal conductivity pcm bc studied
addition multi walled carbon nanotubes mwcnt
concentrations ft ir xrd results reveal
interaction biochar mwcnt pure pcm purely physical
chemically stable degree supercooling reduced pcm
bc mwcnt compared pure pcm heating rate c min
respectively thermal conductivity effusivity pcm
bc mwcnt higher pure pcm respectively tga results
reveal pcms thermal stability adversely affected
addition bc mwcnt furthermore anfis model
developed predict heat flow mw mg values pcm
samples found generalized bell shaped input linear
output membership function best suitable
coefficient determination r