global solar irradiation important variable used
determine suitability area install solar systems
nevertheless due limitations requiring measurement
stations around entire world correlated different
meteorological parameters confront issue different
locations rias baixas autonomous community galicia
spain combinations parameters month average
temperature among others used develop various
machine learning models random forest rf support
vector machine svm artificial neural network ann
three approaches used model predict one month
ahead monthly global solar irradiation using data
six measurement stations afterwards models applied
seven different measurement stations check
knowledge acquired could extrapolated locations
general ann models offered best results
development testing phases model well phase
knowledge extrapolation locations sense selected
anns obtained mean absolute percentage error mape
value model development overall mape seven
locations anns capable tool modelling predicting
monthly global solar irradiation areas data
available extrapolating knowledge nearby areas